.TH tiget 1 "August 2010" "TITools 0.1"
.SH NAME
tiget \- retrieve files from a graphing calculator

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtiget\fR [ \fIoptions\fR ] [ \fIvariable-pattern\fR ... | \fB\-\-backup\fR ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtiget\fR retrieves variable and/or program files from a connected
TI graphing calculator.

For newer calculators, you can specify a list of variable patterns
(such as `FOO.8xp', `*.83l', or simply `*' to download all files from
the calculator.)  (Remember that if you use wildcards, you must
enclose the pattern in quotes so that the shell will not try to
interpret the pattern itself.)

For older calculators (the TI-82 and TI-85), you must instead select
the files to be transferred on the calculator itself.  Run \fBtiget
\-m\fR \fImodel\fR (without listing any patterns), then send the
desired files using the calculator's LINK menu.

By default, the retrieved variables will be saved as separate files in
the current directory, in TI Graph Link format.  Use the \fB\-o\fR
option to save the files as a single group file or TIG (ZIP) archive.

.SS PROGRAM OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-backup\fR
Receive a full memory backup from the calculator (only supported for
non-Flash calculator models.)  You must also specify \fB\-o\fR.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR=\fIfilename\fR
Write all output to \fIfilename\fR.  If \fIfilename\fR ends in `.tig',
write output as a TIG archive.  Otherwise, write output as either a TI
Graph Link group file (.XXg), Flash application file (.XXk), or backup
file (.XXb).  Note that group files cannot contain Flash applications
and are limited to a maximum total size of 64 kilobytes; TIG files do
not have these limitations.

.SS LINK OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-cable\fR=\fItype\fR[:\fIport\fR]
Use the specified link cable (if unspecified, \fBtiget\fR will search
for USB cables connected to the system.)  The cable type may be either
the full name (GrayLink, BlackLink, Parallel, SilverLink, DirectLink,
VTI, TiEmu, UsbKernel) or the 3-letter abbreviation (gry, blk, par,
slv, usb, vti, tie, dev).  For serial- and parallel-port link cables,
a port number must also be specified.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-calc\fR=\fItype\fR
Use the specified calculator model (if unspecified, \fBtiget\fR will
try to determine the calculator model by the filenames specified on
the command line.)
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fIn\fR
Wait for up to \fIn\fR milliseconds for the calculator to respond.

.SS OTHER OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print out details of link operations.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Print out program version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print out program version information.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CABLE\fR
Default link cable to use, if the \fB\-c\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CALC\fR
Default calculator model to use, if the \fB\-m\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_TIMEOUT\fR
Default timeout value in milliseconds.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBtiinfo\fR(1),
\fBtikey\fR(1),
\fBtils\fR(1),
\fBtiput\fR(1),
\fBtirm\fR(1),
\fBtiscr\fR(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Benjamin Moody <floppusmaximus@users.sf.net>
