.TH tiinfo 1 "August 2010" "TITools 0.1"
.SH NAME
tiinfo \- display information about a graphing calculator

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtiinfo\fR [ \fIoptions\fR ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtiinfo\fR displays information about a connected TI graphing
calculator.  Depending on how much information is supplied by the
calculator, \fBtiinfo\fR will try to determine the calculator software
and hardware versions, hardware attributes, amount of free memory,
battery status, and language settings.

.SS LINK OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-cable\fR=\fItype\fR[:\fIport\fR]
Use the specified link cable (if unspecified, \fBtiinfo\fR will search
for USB cables connected to the system.)  The cable type may be either
the full name (GrayLink, BlackLink, Parallel, SilverLink, DirectLink,
VTI, TiEmu, UsbKernel) or the 3-letter abbreviation (gry, blk, par,
slv, usb, vti, tie, dev).  For serial- and parallel-port link cables,
a port number must also be specified.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-calc\fR=\fItype\fR
Use the specified calculator model (if unspecified, \fBtiinfo\fR will
try to determine the calculator model automatically.)
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fIn\fR
Wait for up to \fIn\fR milliseconds for the calculator to respond.

.SS OTHER OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print out details of link operations.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Print out program version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print out program version information.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CABLE\fR
Default link cable to use, if the \fB\-c\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CALC\fR
Default calculator model to use, if the \fB\-m\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_TIMEOUT\fR
Default timeout value in milliseconds.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBtiget\fR(1),
\fBtikey\fR(1),
\fBtils\fR(1),
\fBtiput\fR(1),
\fBtirm\fR(1),
\fBtiscr\fR(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Benjamin Moody <floppusmaximus@users.sf.net>
