.TH tikey 1 "August 2010" "TITools 0.1"
.SH NAME
tikey \- remotely control a graphing calculator

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtikey\fR [ \fIoptions\fR ] \fItext\fR ...

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtikey\fR allows you to type commands on a connected TI graphing
calculator, using the ``remote control'' protocol supported by newer
calculator models.

The command-line arguments will be typed out as ASCII strings.  If you
need to send a special keycode, you can write it as an octal or
hexadecimal value preceded by `\\' or `\\x' (e.g., `\\111' or `\\x49'
for the `Y=' key on the TI-83 series.)  See the calculator SDK
documentation for the actual keycode values.

.SS LINK OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-cable\fR=\fItype\fR[:\fIport\fR]
Use the specified link cable (if unspecified, \fBtikey\fR will search
for USB cables connected to the system.)  The cable type may be either
the full name (GrayLink, BlackLink, Parallel, SilverLink, DirectLink,
VTI, TiEmu, UsbKernel) or the 3-letter abbreviation (gry, blk, par,
slv, usb, vti, tie, dev).  For serial- and parallel-port link cables,
a port number must also be specified.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-calc\fR=\fItype\fR
Use the specified calculator model (if unspecified, \fBtikey\fR will
try to determine the calculator model automatically.)
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fIn\fR
Wait for up to \fIn\fR milliseconds for the calculator to respond.

.SS OTHER OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print out details of link operations.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Print out program version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print out program version information.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CABLE\fR
Default link cable to use, if the \fB\-c\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CALC\fR
Default calculator model to use, if the \fB\-m\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_TIMEOUT\fR
Default timeout value in milliseconds.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBtiget\fR(1),
\fBtiinfo\fR(1),
\fBtils\fR(1),
\fBtiput\fR(1),
\fBtirm\fR(1),
\fBtiscr\fR(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Benjamin Moody <floppusmaximus@users.sf.net>
