.TH tils 1 "August 2010" "TITools 0.1"
.SH NAME
tils \- list files on a graphing calculator

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtils\fR [ \fIoptions\fR ] [ \fIvariable-pattern\fR ... ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtils\fR displays a list of the variables and programs stored on a
connected TI graphing calculator.  The size, attributes, type, and
name of each variable are printed to standard output.

If you specify one or more patterns on the command line (such as
`FOO*.8xp' or `*.83l'), only variables matching those patterns will be
displayed.  (Remember that if you use wildcards, you must enclose the
pattern in quotes so that the shell will not try to interpret the
pattern itself.)

.SS LINK OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-cable\fR=\fItype\fR[:\fIport\fR]
Use the specified link cable (if unspecified, \fBtils\fR will search
for USB cables connected to the system.)  The cable type may be either
the full name (GrayLink, BlackLink, Parallel, SilverLink, DirectLink,
VTI, TiEmu, UsbKernel) or the 3-letter abbreviation (gry, blk, par,
slv, usb, vti, tie, dev).  For serial- and parallel-port link cables,
a port number must also be specified.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-calc\fR=\fItype\fR
Use the specified calculator model (if unspecified, \fBtils\fR will
try to determine the calculator model automatically.)
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fIn\fR
Wait for up to \fIn\fR milliseconds for the calculator to respond.

.SS OTHER OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print out details of link operations.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Print out program version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print out program version information.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CABLE\fR
Default link cable to use, if the \fB\-c\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CALC\fR
Default calculator model to use, if the \fB\-m\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_TIMEOUT\fR
Default timeout value in milliseconds.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBtiget\fR(1),
\fBtiinfo\fR(1),
\fBtikey\fR(1),
\fBtiput\fR(1),
\fBtirm\fR(1),
\fBtiscr\fR(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Benjamin Moody <floppusmaximus@users.sf.net>
