.TH tiput 1 "August 2010" "TITools 0.1"
.SH NAME
tiput \- send files to a graphing calculator

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtiput\fR [ \fIoptions\fR ] \fIfile\fR ...

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtiput\fR sends variable and/or program files to a connected TI
graphing calculator.  The files to send may include normal variables
and programs, memory backups, Flash applications, and operating
systems, in any of the various formats supported by the tifiles2
library.

On newer calculators, \fBtiput\fR will check if the variables already
exist and ask whether you want to overwrite them.  Use the \fB\-f\fR
option to disable this behavior.

On older calculators (the TI-82 and TI-85), you must manually enable
link receive mode before sending variables.  The calculator itself
will then prompt you to overwrite, skip, or rename any duplicates.

.SS PROGRAM OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-archive\fR
Send all files to archive (Flash) memory, if supported by the
calculator, regardless of their previous state.  (By default, files
will be sent to archive if they were previously received from a Flash
calculator and are marked as archived.)
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-unarchive\fR
Send all files to RAM, regardless of their previous state.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Do not check for duplicate variables before sending.  This has no
effect on the TI-82 and TI-85.
.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-continue\fR
On the TI-82 and TI-85, do not send an ``end-of-transmission''
command, so the calculator will remain in link receive mode.

.SS LINK OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-cable\fR=\fItype\fR[:\fIport\fR]
Use the specified link cable (if unspecified, \fBtiput\fR will search
for USB cables connected to the system.)  The cable type may be either
the full name (GrayLink, BlackLink, Parallel, SilverLink, DirectLink,
VTI, TiEmu, UsbKernel) or the 3-letter abbreviation (gry, blk, par,
slv, usb, vti, tie, dev).  For serial- and parallel-port link cables,
a port number must also be specified.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-calc\fR=\fItype\fR
Use the specified calculator model (if unspecified, \fBtiput\fR will
try to determine the calculator model by the filenames specified on
the command line.)
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fIn\fR
Wait for up to \fIn\fR milliseconds for the calculator to respond.

.SS OTHER OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print out details of link operations.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Print out program version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print out program version information.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CABLE\fR
Default link cable to use, if the \fB\-c\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CALC\fR
Default calculator model to use, if the \fB\-m\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_TIMEOUT\fR
Default timeout value in milliseconds.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBtiget\fR(1),
\fBtiinfo\fR(1),
\fBtikey\fR(1),
\fBtils\fR(1),
\fBtirm\fR(1),
\fBtiscr\fR(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Benjamin Moody <floppusmaximus@users.sf.net>
