.TH tirm 1 "August 2010" "TITools 0.1"
.SH NAME
tirm \- delete files from a graphing calculator

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtirm\fR [ \fIoptions\fR ] \fIvariable-pattern\fR ...

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtirm\fR remotely deletes variable and/or program files from a
connected TI graphing calculator.  (Note that only newer calculators
support remote file deletion.)

You can specify exact variable names to be deleted (such as
`FOO.8xp'), or use wildcards to delete all files matching a certain
pattern (such as `*.83l').  (Remember that if you use wildcards, you
must enclose the pattern in quotes so that the shell will not try to
interpret the pattern itself.)

.SS LINK OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-cable\fR=\fItype\fR[:\fIport\fR]
Use the specified link cable (if unspecified, \fBtirm\fR will search
for USB cables connected to the system.)  The cable type may be either
the full name (GrayLink, BlackLink, Parallel, SilverLink, DirectLink,
VTI, TiEmu, UsbKernel) or the 3-letter abbreviation (gry, blk, par,
slv, usb, vti, tie, dev).  For serial- and parallel-port link cables,
a port number must also be specified.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-calc\fR=\fItype\fR
Use the specified calculator model (if unspecified, \fBtirm\fR will
try to determine the calculator model automatically.)
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fIn\fR
Wait for up to \fIn\fR milliseconds for the calculator to respond.

.SS OTHER OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print out details of link operations.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Print out program version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print out program version information.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CABLE\fR
Default link cable to use, if the \fB\-c\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CALC\fR
Default calculator model to use, if the \fB\-m\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_TIMEOUT\fR
Default timeout value in milliseconds.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBtiget\fR(1),
\fBtiinfo\fR(1),
\fBtikey\fR(1),
\fBtils\fR(1),
\fBtiput\fR(1),
\fBtiscr\fR(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Benjamin Moody <floppusmaximus@users.sf.net>
