.TH tiscr 1 "August 2010" "TITools 0.1"
.SH NAME
tiscr \- take a screen shot of a graphing calculator

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtiscr\fR [ \fIoptions\fR ] [ \fB\-o\fR \fIoutput.pbm\fR ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtiscr\fR takes a screen shot of a connected TI graphing calculator.
Screen shots can be taken at any time when the calculator is turned on
and idle (depending on the circumstances, you may not be able to take
screen shots while a program is running.)

The output is written in Portable Bitmap format (see \fBpbm\fR(5) if
you have the netpbm tools installed.)

.SS PROGRAM OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR=\fIfilename\fR
Write output to \fIfilename\fR (PBM format.)
.TP
\fB\-A\fR, \fB\-\-full\fR
Include the entire screen buffer in the output image (including parts
that are not shown on the display.)  This only has an effect on the
TI-89.

.SS LINK OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-cable\fR=\fItype\fR[:\fIport\fR]
Use the specified link cable (if unspecified, \fBtiscr\fR will search
for USB cables connected to the system.)  The cable type may be either
the full name (GrayLink, BlackLink, Parallel, SilverLink, DirectLink,
VTI, TiEmu, UsbKernel) or the 3-letter abbreviation (gry, blk, par,
slv, usb, vti, tie, dev).  For serial- and parallel-port link cables,
a port number must also be specified.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-calc\fR=\fItype\fR
Use the specified calculator model (if unspecified, \fBtiscr\fR will
try to determine the calculator model automatically.)
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fIn\fR
Wait for up to \fIn\fR milliseconds for the calculator to respond.

.SS OTHER OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print out details of link operations.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Print out program version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print out program version information.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CABLE\fR
Default link cable to use, if the \fB\-c\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_CALC\fR
Default calculator model to use, if the \fB\-m\fR option is not specified.
.TP
\fBTITOOLS_TIMEOUT\fR
Default timeout value in milliseconds.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBtiget\fR(1),
\fBtiinfo\fR(1),
\fBtikey\fR(1),
\fBtils\fR(1),
\fBtiput\fR(1),
\fBtirm\fR(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Benjamin Moody <floppusmaximus@users.sf.net>
